♪ Men. ♪
I've been looking forward
to this all year.
Giving you people the bird.
Oh, it looks great, Berta.
What's your secret?
I bought it pre-cooked
from the back of a truck.
I don't know that
I'd trust the stuffing.
I'd like to make a little
Thanksgiving toast.
I know you don't hear me
say it very often,
but I really am thankful
for every one of you.
I've never heard you say that.
You ever hear him say that?
I'm sorry,
I wasn't listening.
Anyway, there comes a time in
a man's life when he realizes
there's nothing more
important that family.
Is he dying?
Probably just drunk.
And you know why
family is so important?
Designated driver?
Liver match.
Bail money?
Prescription medication
to steal?
Would you please
let me continue?
Family is important,
because no matter what happens,
they are the people
who are there for you.
Good times, bad times,
it doesn't matter.
Blood is thicker than water.
I just want you to know that...
I love you all.
I'll get that.
Plowed.
Hiya, stranger.
Courtney. I thought
you were in prison.
I was. But I'm out.
Want to go to Vegas?
Are you crazy?
I'm in the middle of
Thanksgiving dinner
with my family.
Not to mention the fact that
the last time we were together
you kind of ripped me off.
I haven't had sex
in three years.
Good-bye, everybody!
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men,
manly men, men, men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men,
manly men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh,
ooh-ohh, ooh-ooh... ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Ah. ♪
♪ Men. ♪
♪ Two and a Half Men 8x10 ♪
Ow, Ow, Don't Stop
Original Air Date on November 22, 2010
== Sync, corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
♪ Men. ♪
CHARLIE & COURTNEY:
♪ Viva Las Vegas,
chucka-chucka-chucka ♪
♪ Viva... viva... Las Vegas! ♪
Hey, Alan, guess
where we've been?
Las Vegas?
Viva!
I won $20,000.
And look what he bought me.
Wow.
30,000 grand.
So... you're down $10,000.
Could've been worse, but I won
a bundle at the roulette table
betting the color
of her underwear.
Red or black?
Double zero.
What color is that?
Ass cheeks.
Hey. What happened to your eye?
Oh.
Heh. Yeah.
Little accident. Getting
kind of frisky in the tub,
and I accidentally fell face
first onto a Jacuzzi nozzle.
Me, too. Except it wasn't my
face, and it wasn't an accident.
Good news is, we're
both really clean.
Inside and out.
Should we go upstairs
and get dirty again?
Right behind you.
What else is new?
Uh... uh, Charlie?
I'll be up in a minute.
The trick is to keep it up.
What?
I-I-I'm just a
little concerned.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Got you a little something.
Oh, gee, you didn't have to.
Here you go.
You can't just buy those, you
got to have them specially made.
Come to think of it, makes more
sense for me to be wearing it.
Charlie, hold on.
Now what?
Do you really think
it's a good idea
to be starting
back in with Courtney?
Are you kidding? I just had
the best three days of my life.
Well, okay, but i-i-it
just seems like--
Have you ever had a woman give
you Japanese Rain Goggles?
I've never even heard of that.
Neither had I, until last night,
and now...
I don't know how I ever
lived without them.
Look, I'm just saying we're
talking about a convicted felon
who seems to have
very expensive tastes.
Yeah, what's your point?
So you don't care
about anything else,
as long as you get to indulge
you depraved appetites.
Still waiting for a point, Alan.
♪ Men. ♪
Jake? Want to go to a movie?
Jake?
What are you doing?
Resting.
Guess you're-- wondering
what's going on up there.
Not really.
Well, just-- just want
you to know that
there's more to it than
what you're hearing right now.
I know. They've been
going at it all afternoon.
No, no, what-what I mean is--
A couple of times I thought
somebody was going to die.
No, what I'm trying to say is--
I didn't know human beings
could make those sounds.
Okay. What I'm saying is,
there's more to a healthy,
fulfilling relationship
than-- than just sex.
Oh, yeah, baby, right there.
That's what I'm talking about.
Like, uh... mutual
responsibility.
Uh, uh, mutual respect.
Oh, I'm a slut,
I'm a dirty little slut!
Taking care of each other.
Now do the Rain Goggles.
Sharing... things.
- Oh! Oh!
- Oh! Ooh! Oh!
Arigato!
Dad.
Yeah?
Get out.
Good talk.
♪ Men. ♪
Morning.
Dean Martin and the Gold Digger
keep you up again last night?
He's lost his mind, Berta.
All he does is have sex with her
and spend money on her.
Sometimes he spends money on her
while he's having sex with her.
How's that?
I picked up the phone
and accidentally overheard
a very disturbing call to QVC.
Pearl necklace.
I'll say no more.
Morning.
Nice shirt. It's not
too subtle, is it?
Something wrong with your arm?
I'm not sure.
Think I pinched
a nerve last night
reaching around, trying to
scratch Courtney's back.
Her back.
Trying to be
delicate here, Alan.
And God knows we appreciate it.
Good morning, everyone!
Morning.
Morning, baby.
Car keys?
Credit card?
Kiss?
See ya!
Have fun!
"Have fun"?
You just gave her
the keys to your Mercedes
and an unlimited credit card.
Yeah? So?
That's fun.
Can't you see she's using you?
You should've seen the way
she used me last night.
In fact... you can.
Oh, no. No.
No, I don't-- I don't--
I-I-I just don't want to see
you get played by her again.
Relax. I know what I'm doing.
I'm having fun, she's having
fun. Nobody's getting hurt.
You have a black eye
and a dead arm.
Obviously, we have different
definitions of "fun."
What is wrong with him?
Classic case of
va-jay-jay fever.
Colorfully put.
I'm just surprised to see
Charlie fall for it.
Sooner or later,
all men fall for it.
How do you think I got
my condo in Palm Springs?
You've got a condo
in Palm Springs?
No, figure of speech.
Don't try to stop by.
♪ Men. ♪
You caught me at
a bad time, darling.
I was just going out.
Well, I'm sorry,
but I have a problem.
Just the one?
It's about Charlie.
Well, sweetheart,
you have been sponging
off him for eight years.
You've got to expect
a little abuse.
Oh, no, no, no, it's not that.
I'm worried about
Charlie and Courtney.
I-I-I really think she's
taking advantage of him.
Uh-huh. And what are
you worried about?
Well... I just said.
Charlie could lose everything.
Oh, I see. Well, I
understand your concern.
Thank you. It's not like
you could move in here.
Oh, no, no, I'm not
just worried about me.
Wait a second. You used to
beg me to move in with Jake.
That's when Jake was cute,
and I still had a little
bit of hope left for you.
Okay, well, anyway--
Alan. Your brother
is a grown man.
I'm sure he can
take care of himself.
I'm not sure he can.
You should see the way
she's sucking him dry.
I should hope so.
Mom.
Alan. There's not
much you can do
when a graspy, greedy woman
sinks her claws
into a vulnerable man.
Marty! I'm leaving!
Come kiss me goodbye!
Come here, hot stuff.
Give me some tongue!
Marty, my son Alan is here.
You've met Alan.
The fruitball?
No tongue for you.
Cupcake, I need
your credit card.
The usual place.
Oh, you bad boy.
Dig a little deeper.
There's a hole
in this pocket.
Keep going.
Surprise!
Well, how nice for you.
But I've got to run!
Oh, damn, I worked
on it all morning.
You know what? I'll just go.
Nice to see you, Mr. Pepper.
Mr. Pepper was my father.
Just call me "the guy
banging your mother."
I think I'll stick with
"Mr. Pepper." Bye, Mom.
Bye, dear.
Anything you need before I go?
Yes. Uh...
Check my pocket again.
♪ Men. ♪
Hey, boys.
Hi.
What's all this stuff?
Okay, here's the red one.
What do you guys think?
Uh...
The yellow one's better, right?
I'm not sure. What do
you think, Eldridge?
I think we need to see
the yellow one again.
Okay, okay, guys--
I'd like to talk to Courtney.
Go ahead.
Pretend we're not here.
Okay, let me put it another way.
Get out.
Bye, Courtney.
Bye, fellas.
Thanks again for
inviting me over.
Was I lying?
So... What do you
want to talk about?
Uh, well, the thing is--
Are my boobs even?
Even... what?
Well, I just want to make sure
one's not popping out
more than the other one.
Oh, no, no, no. They're both,
uh, uh, popping just...
Fine.
Great!
Mm.
So?
Huh?
What do you want to talk about?
Oh, oh, yeah, well, I-I-I
wanted to talk about Charlie.
What about him?
Well, I don't know if
you're aware of this,
but he went through
a bad breakup recently,
and he may not look like it,
but he's actually in a pretty
vulnerable place right now.
And you think
I'm taking advantage of him?
Well... aren't you?
Look, I know what
you must think of me.
Based on some of the
stupid things I've done,
I don't blame you.
But Alan--
I've changed.
What about all this stuff?
Well, he likes buying me
things. Makes him happy.
Believe me, the money is fun,
but it's Charlie I care about.
Really?
Really.
Well, okay, then.
Thank you, uh--
I feel better now.
Hey, beautiful.
You ready to go?
Yeah, let me just
grab my purse.
Oh! Um, Alan-- James.
James-- Alan.
Hey.
He's my brother.
He was adopted.
Yeah, I remain skeptical.
♪ Men. ♪
Charlie?
In here.
What happened to your foot?
Broke my toe.
Oh, geez!
Serves me right, trying to walk
around in Courtney's high heels
with only one good arm.
Why were you wearing her shoes?
Because they matched
her underwear, duh.
Okay. Whatever.
I just thought you
might want to know
that Courtney just left
with a handsome, young,
African-American fellow.
Yeah. Her brother James.
And you're buying that.
Hey, people have a hard time
believing you're my brother.
Including me, by the way.
And Mom.
All right, I'm just
going to say this:
I don't think you should trust
Courtney. I think she's trouble.
Well, hell yeah, she's trouble.
That's why I love her.
You love her?
Of course I love her.
Courtney is the woman
I'm meant to be with.
Everything in my life
up till now, all the women,
they've just been
leading me right to her.
I would've guessed they
were leading you more
to a clinic of some sort,
but go ahead.
You remember how down I was
when Chelsea dumped me?
And when Rose got married?
All of that was necessary
in order for me to
get back to Courtney.
It was also necessary for
Courtney to make early parole.
Exactly. This was
meant to happen!
Don't you see it, Alan?
Courtney is just
the kind of woman I need.
She's non-judgmental,
free-spirited, open-minded...
Double-jointed.
Triple.
And she can pick up a dime
with her butt cheeks.
Just do me a favor,
and-and take it slow?
Give it a little time
before you do something
stupid that you can't undo.
Don't worry, I won't.
Good.
Oh, yeah, guess what?
While we were in Vegas,
I got a tattoo.
Oh, please don't tell me
you got her name put on you?
Look.
"Get out of my house."
The tattoo is temporary,
but the sentiment is forever.
♪ Men. ♪
You're kidding.
Now he's broken his toe?
This relationship
goes on much longer,
he's going to run out of parts.
Don't be such a sourpuss.
Courtney's a terrific girl,
and Charlie's happy as a clam.
Wait a second.
You never liked Courtney.
People change.
People grow.
People buy expensive gifts
for the housekeeper.
She bought you that?
And the purse.
And the sunglasses.
Ciao, bella.
Okay, that's it!
I am out of here.
Fine by me.
You're nothing but
a selfish son of a bitch!
And you're a gold-digger!
Go to hell!
I'd meet you there, but
they don't take credit cards.
Problem?
She was just trying
to use me, Alan.
Really? I'm stunned.
I still like her.
You know what she
wanted me to do?
She actually found something
you didn't want to do?
She wanted me to give her money
to pay her brother's rent.
I said, "Hey, I've already got
one brother leeching off me."
Right?
Right.
This one doesn't
even have a job.
At least you pretend
to be a chiropractor.
Well, I have my pride.
That's it for me. No more
meaningful relationships.
I'm going to stick with
the honesty and integrity
of the traditional
hooker-john arrangement.
Sometimes the old ways are best.
Well, I'm glad you came to
your senses about Courtney,
and I just want to say--
I'm always here for you.
I've never doubted that.
Well, thank you.
It wasn't a compliment.
My point was, I think you've
made the right decision.
I have, haven't I?
Well, of course you have.
I mean, for God's sake,
look what she did to you.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I got to get her back!
Charlie?
No, Courtney--
Oh, my God!
Are you okay?
Oh. I'm not sure.
How bad is it?
It's fine.
I ain't cleaning that up.
♪ Men. ♪
You're a very
lucky guy, Charlie.
I ran through
a plate glass window,
and you puked in my piano.
How is that lucky?
You could have bled to death.
And I could have vomited
on my suede shoes.
Those are my shoes.
Which is why you're lucky.
Hey, Alan.
At the moment,
I'm not in your house.
All right, well. I'm going to
look at this as a wake-up call.
Good. Good.
Courtney is bad news.
I've been telling you.
You were right.
I was blind.
Guess it's hard to see the truth
when you're wearing
Japanese Rain Goggles.
I Googled the goggles.
Charlie?
Courtney.
What are you doing here?
Well, I went back to apologize
and there was blood everywhere.
I tried every hospital
in town trying to find you.
Are you all right?
Not really.
Um, Courtney?
I think Charlie has
something to tell you.
What?
Go ahead, Charlie.
I love you, Courtney.
I love you, too!
Ow, ow, ow.
Don't stop. Ow, ow, ow...
== Sync, corrected by elderman ==
== for www.addic7ed.com ==
♪ Men. ♪